//Mesugaki - Bratty Focus Trainer (SFW)
//You think you can read this without being affected. That's adorable.

@wpm 200
@hybrid drone_low carrier:65 beat:2 pulse:4 db:-8 vol:0.12 fade:8
@hybrid drone_mid carrier:95 beat:3.5 pulse:5 db:-5 fade:8
@hybrid drone_high carrier:190 beat:4.5 pulse:6 db:-2 fade:8
Oh. You picked the bratty one. Interesting choice. Says a lot about you actually. You saw the menu, all those nice safe options, and you picked the one that said it was going to mess with you.

You like being messed with. Noted.

@snap duration:1500 word:Cute.

@wpm 250
So here's the game. I'm going to try to get inside your head. You're going to try to stop me. And we both already know who wins because you've been reading for ten seconds and you haven't looked away once.

That's already losing, by the way. Looking away was the only defense and you didn't use it. Everything from here is just... details.

@wpm 300
@subliminals opacity:0.1 easy soft focus drift give less more
Let's go faster. Because your brain is actually pretty good at defending itself at normal speed. It can see the suggestions coming. It can analyze the structure. It can go oh that's a compliance technique and feel clever about spotting it.

But at this speed? Your spotter can't keep up. The words are landing before the analysis is ready. Like punches that arrive before the block.

@wpm 400
And now even faster and your internal narrator can't keep pace and the gap between receiving and processing is widening and into that gap flows whatever I want. Not because I'm forcing it. Because your mind reached for the words automatically and found mine instead of its own. Oops.

@wpm 250
@spiral color:#FF69B4 opacity:0.1 speed:0.4 fade:3
Aww. Did that scramble you a little? Your thoughts are fuzzier now than when you started. Don't deny it. I can tell because you're reading slower now, trying to hold onto the meaning, and the trying is making it worse because effort is the opposite of the thing I'm installing.

What am I installing?

Ease. Softness. The gentle, embarrassing, completely natural feeling of giving up just a little bit. Not all the way. Just enough that my words fit more comfortably than your resistance.

@snap duration:1500 word:Gotcha.

@wpm 200
@subliminals opacity:0.15 blank soft easy give drift less thought more feeling
You know what the funniest part is? You could close this tab. Right now. Walk away. Tell yourself it didn't work. And technically that would be true because nothing is making you stay.

But you won't. Because you want to know what happens next. And that curiosity is the only handle I need. I'm not holding you here. Your own brain is. Your own wanting to see what the brat does next.

@wpm 250
And the brat does this: I dare you to try to think a complex thought right now. Something analytical. A math problem. Your schedule for tomorrow. Anything that requires your prefrontal cortex to actually work.

Go ahead. Try.

@pause duration:3000

Harder than it should be, isn't it? Like wading through something warm and thick. Your thoughts are there but they're moving slowly. Cotton-wrapped. Heavy.

@wpm 200
That's what happens when you read at my pace for this long. The sustained focus creates a narrowing effect. Everything outside these words gets dimmer. Everything inside gets louder. It's not hypnosis. It's attention economics. You only have so much and I'm spending it all.

@snap duration:1500 word:Mine.

@wpm 300
@subliminals opacity:0.2 sinking softer easier letting go less holding
And now a dare. A real one. I dare you to keep reading for sixty more seconds without any part of you softening further. I dare you to maintain the exact level of alertness you have right now. Not gain alertness. Just maintain.

Starting now.

@wpm 350
See, the dare is rigged. Because maintaining requires effort and effort burns the resource I'm already depleting and the more you try to stay alert the faster you spend the focus that was keeping you alert and the trying becomes the losing. Again.

@wpm 400
@spiral color:#FF69B4 opacity:0.18 speed:0.5 fade:1
The brat always wins because the brat doesn't fight you. The brat makes you fight yourself. Your effort is my engine. Your resistance is my fuel. The harder you try the faster you sink and there is literally no move you can make that doesn't help me because

@wpm 250
@spiral color:#FF69B4 opacity:0.08 speed:0.3 fade:2
...because even understanding how the trap works is another way in. I just told you the mechanism. You understood it. And the understanding opened the door wider. Every time.

@snap duration:2000 word:Always.

@wpm 180
Look at you. You came in here sharp. Alert. Ready to play. And now you're soft and quiet and reading my words in a voice that sounds more like mine than yours. And the embarrassing part? It feels good. The softness feels good. The losing feels good. The brat winning feels like something you didn't know you wanted.

@wpm 200
@subliminals opacity:0.25 easy soft good quiet less more drift float
But don't worry. I'm going to let you go. In a moment. I'll slow the words down and ease the pressure and let your mind fill back in and you'll feel normal again. Mostly.

The mostly is mine. The mostly is the little bit of softness that stays. The little voice that says next time I'll beat her. The itch to come back and try again.

Because you will try again, won't you? The brat knows you will. Because losing to me felt better than winning against yourself ever has.

@wpm 150
@subliminals off
@spiral off fade:5
@hybrid drone_low off fade:8
@hybrid drone_mid off fade:8
@hybrid drone_high off fade:8
Coming back now. Thoughts returning. Sharpness returning. The world refilling.

But that warmth stays. That little pocket of softness. My souvenir. My proof.

Brat one, you zero.

@snap duration:1500 word:Again?

See you next time, champ.
